README.md, before:

VOICE CLARIAH API
==============

An API that generates data in JSON format from the [VOICE CLARIAH data repository](https://gitlab.com/acdh-oeaw/voice/voice_data)

Set up a local instance
-----------------------

### Prerequisites


* Java LTS ([Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html),
  [Azul](https://www.azul.com/downloads/zulu-community/?version=java-11-lts&package=jdk),
  or others) (11 at the moment)
* git ([for Windows](https://gitforwindows.org/), shipped with other OSes)
* curl for downloading [Saxon HE](https://www.saxonica.com/download/java.xml)
  (10.3 at the moment, curl is included with git for windows)
* This git repository needs to be cloned inside a [BaseX ZIP-file distribution](https://basex.org/download/)
  (9.5 at the moment)


### Setup

* unzip BaseX*.zip (for example in your home folder)
  `<basexhome>` is the directory containing `BaseX.jar` and the `bin`, `lib` and
  `webapp` directory (`basex` after unpacking the BaseX*.zip file, but you should
  probably rename it)
* in `<basexhome>/webapp` git clone this repository,
  please do not change the name `voice-clariah-api`
* start a bash in `<basexhome>/webapp/voice-clariah-api`
* run `./deployment/initial.sh`

### Dependencies

The following dependencies are installed for you using `./deployment/initial.sh`

* [Saxon XSLT 2/3 HE processor](https://www.saxonica.com/download/java.xml)
* [openapi4restxq for BaseX](https://github.com/acdh-oeaw/openapi4restxq/tree/master_basex)
* [voice data](https://gitlab.com/acdh-oeaw/voice/voice_data) (privat! fix that!)

Commit message:

Add a bit more explanation what this is for.

README.md, after:

VOICE CLARIAH API
==============

An API that generates data in JSON format from the [VOICE CLARIAH data repository](https://gitlab.com/acdh-oeaw/voice/voice_data)
This is mostly used to recalculate XML tag counts and to generate th data stored in corpustree.json
of the VOICE Frontend repository.
Fetch corpustree.json from a running instance at http://localhost:8984//VOICE_CLARIAH/corpus/tree

Set up a local instance
-----------------------

### Prerequisites


* Java LTS ([Oracle](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-downloads.html),
  [Azul](https://www.azul.com/downloads/zulu-community/?version=java-11-lts&package=jdk),
  or others) (11 at the moment)
* git ([for Windows](https://gitforwindows.org/), shipped with other OSes)
* curl for downloading [Saxon HE](https://www.saxonica.com/download/java.xml)
  (10.3 at the moment, curl is included with git for windows)
* This git repository needs to be cloned inside a [BaseX ZIP-file distribution](https://basex.org/download/)
  (9.5 at the moment)


### Setup

* unzip BaseX*.zip (for example in your home folder)
  `<basexhome>` is the directory containing `BaseX.jar` and the `bin`, `lib` and
  `webapp` directory (`basex` after unpacking the BaseX*.zip file, but you should
  probably rename it)
* in `<basexhome>/webapp` git clone this repository,
  please do not change the name `voice-clariah-api`
* start a bash in `<basexhome>/webapp/voice-clariah-api`
* run `./deployment/initial.sh`

### Dependencies

The following dependencies are installed for you using `./deployment/initial.sh`

* [Saxon XSLT 2/3 HE processor](https://www.saxonica.com/download/java.xml)
* [openapi4restxq for BaseX](https://github.com/acdh-oeaw/openapi4restxq/tree/master_basex)
* [voice data](https://gitlab.com/acdh-oeaw/voice/voice_data) (privat! fix that!)
